.TH scivm 1 "Oct 16, 2012" "2.6.0" "Science VM"

.
.SH NAME
scivm -- Science VM Command-Line Interface
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
scivm [options] {setup,exec,mapexec,status,result,bucket,volume,realtime}
.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-h
show this help message and exit
.TP
--version
Print version
.TP
-v
Increase amount of information you are given during command execution
.TP
-o {json,no-header}
Format of output
.TP
-a _API_KEY
API key to use
.TP
-k _API_SECRET_KEY
 API secret key that matches the API key
.
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
For complete documentation, see: http://docs.scivm.com/
.P
scivm has the following modules to facilitate interacting with Science VM:
.SS setup
This module is used to setup your client computer to use the cloud. Optional Arguments:
.P
--help,-h: show this help message and exit

--email EMAIL, -e EMAIL:    Email used to login to your Science VM account

--password PASSWORD, -p PASSWORD : Password used to login to your Science VM account

--api-key [API_KEY], -a [API_KEY]: API Key to use. If specified without a value, a new API Key will be created without prompting

.SS exec
Execute shell command on Science VM. See http://docs.scivm.com/primer.html#creating-a-job-from-the-shell

.SS mapexec
Execute parallel commands on Science VM. See http://docs.scivm.com/primer.html#mapping

.SS status
Obtain status of job.

.SS result
Obtain result of job. 
 

.SS bucket
This module is used for managing objects stored in Science VM's key-value store. All objects are referenced by a "key".
See http://docs.scivm.com/storage.html 
.P
Optional Arguments:

--help,-h            show this help message and exit

Commands:  {sync-to-cloud,get,sync-from-cloud,list,put,get-md5,delete}

   delete              Delete an object stored on Science VM
   get                 Retrieve an object from Science VM
   get-md5             Get the md5 checksum of an object stored on Science VM
   list                List keys stored in your bucket
   put                 Store an object on Science VM
   sync-from-cloud     Download object if it does not exist locally or 
                       has changed
   sync-to-cloud       Upload object only if it does not exist on Science VM 
	                  or has changed
.SS volume
This module is used for managing volumes stored on Science VM. See http://docs.scivm.com/storage.html
.P
Optional Arguments:
--help, -h            show this help message and exit

Commands: {create,list,sync,ls,rm,delete}

   list                List existing volumes
   create              Create a volume on Science VM
   sync                Sync local directory to volume on Science VM
   delete              Delete a cloud volume
   ls                  List the contents of a cloud volume [path]
   rm                  Remove contents from a cloud volume
   
.SS realtime
This module is used for managing realtime cores on Science VM. See http://docs.scivm.com/realtime_cores.html
.P
Optional arguments:
 --help, -h            show this help message and exit

Commands:  {release,request,list} 

   list                List realtime reservations
   release             Release realtime cores
   request             Request realtime cores
.
.
.SH EXAMPLES 
.P
List files on Science VM's storage  :   scivm files list

List existing volumes            :   scivm volume list

List realtime reservations       :   scivm realtime list
.
.
.SH LICENSE
All files within the Science VM cloud client package distribution are subject to the 
GNU Lesser General Public License v 2.1 or other open source licenses. 
Refer to the LICENSE file of the source distribution for the details.

.SH AUTHOR

The Science VM cloud client package was developed by the Picloud team (http://www.picloud.com) and has not been forked and extended by the team at Science VM (www.scivm.com).
This manual page was written by Amit Saha (amitksaha@fedoraproject.org).

.SH SEE ALSO
Science VM Documentation: http://docs.scivm.com/

